update contributing.md (#397)
Cloud-CV/Fabrik: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contributing guidelines:

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Fabrik! Here are a few pointers about how you can help.

### Setting things up:

To set up the development environment, follow the instructions in [README](https://github.com/Cloud-CV/Fabrik/blob/master/README.md).

### Finding something to work on:

> The issue tracker of Fabrik is a good place to start. If you find something that interests you, comment on the thread and we’ll help you to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue tracker of Fabrik is a good place to start. If you find something that interests you, comment on the thread and we’ll help you get started.
```
The `to` is not necessary.

Alternatively, if you come across a new bug in the application, please file a new issue and comment if you would like to be assigned. The existing issues are tagged with one or more labels, based on the part of the application it touches, its importance etc., that can help you in selecting one.

> If neither of these seem appealing, please post on our channel and we'll help you to find something else to work on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither of these seem appealing, please post on our channel and we'll help you find something else to work on.
```
The `to` is not necessary.

### Instructions to submit your code:

Before you submit your code, please talk to us via the issue tracker so that we know you are working on it.
	

> Our central development branch is your master. Coding is done on featured branches based on the development and is then merged into it once stable and reviewed. To submit your code, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our central development branch is `master`. Coding is done on feature branches based off of development and is then merged into it once stable and reviewed. To submit your code, follow these steps:
```
Minor edits.

	```
2. Commit and push code to your branch:

    - Commits should be self-contained and they must contain a descriptive commit message.
    - Please make sure your code is well-formatted and adheres to 'PEP8' conventions (for Python) and the `.eslint` located in the repository (for JavaScript).
    - Please ensure that your code is well tested.
    - We highly encourage to use `flake8` to follow the 'PEP8' styling. Run the following command before creating the pull request:
	```
	flake8 ./
	```

>     - Also, for the build errors and to check adherence to `.eslint`, run the following command during development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Also, for build errors and to check adherence to `.eslint`, run the following command during development:
```
Minor edit.

	```
	webpack --progress --colors --watch
	```            

>     - If you are using a Sublime Text, you can lint the code while writing it. Install the following plugins for a Sublime Text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you are using Sublime Text, you can lint the code while writing it. Install the following plugins for Sublime Text.
```
Minor edit.

        ```
        SublimeLinter
        SublimeLinter-contrib-eslint
        SublimeLinter-flake8
        ```

>         *For installing the Sublime Package Control Manager in a Sublime-Text Editor use the link: (https://packagecontrol.io/installation#st2) .*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *For installing the Sublime Package Control Manager in Sublime-Text Editor, use this [link](https://packagecontrol.io/installation#st2).*
```
Square brackets are used to create hyperlinks in markdown. You can learn more about it [here](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

    - On your Github fork, select your branch and click “New pull request”. Select your target branch (for example “master”) as the base branch and your branch in the “compare” dropdown.
If the code is mergeable (you'll get a message stating “Able to merge”), go ahead and create the pull request.
    - Check back after some time to see if the Travis checks have passed, if not you should click on “Details” link on your PR thread at the right of “The Travis CI build failed”, which will take you to the dashboard for your PR. You will see what failed or stalled, and you will have to resolve them.
    - If your checks have passed, your PR will be assigned a reviewer who will review your code and provide comments. Please address each review comment by pushing new commits to the same branch (the PR will automatically update, so you don’t need to submit a new one). Once you are done, comment below each review comment marking it as “Done”. Feel free to use the thread to have a discussion about comments that you don’t understand  or don’t agree with.

    - Once all comments are addressed, the reviewer will give a LGTM (‘looks good to me’) and merge the PR.

> Congratulations, you have successfully contributed a Project to Fabrik!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations, you have successfully contributed to Project Fabrik!
```
We refer to Fabrik as Project Fabrik as well :)
